First implementation of wildcard support (#581)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: common/doc/swdesign/README.md

- impl
- utest

### State manipulation

Provides methods for accessing or updating parts of objects, as used by field masks.

#### State manipulation uses period separated paths
`swdd~common-state-manipulation-path~1`

Status: approved

The state manipulation methods of the Common library use paths separated by the '.' symbols.

Tags:
- CommonStateManipulation

Needs:
- impl
- utest

#### State manipulation allows to set values
`swdd~common-state-manipulation-set~1`

Status: approved

> The Common library provides a method to set the value of an object at a certain path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Common library shall provide a method to set the value of an object at a certain path.
```

Tags:
- CommonStateManipulation

Needs:
- impl
- utest

#### State manipulation set operation adds missing objects
`swdd~common-state-manipulation-set-add-missing-objects~1`

Status: approved

When setting the value of an object at a certain path, the Common library adds missing intermediate objects.

> This intermediate objects are empty, except the newly added value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting the value of an object at a certain path, the Common library shall add missing intermediate objects as empty objects followed by the newly added value.
```
